OSDOCS 8197: Updated oc-mirror v2 section for partially and fully disconnected environment updates (#77247)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-workflows-fully-disconnected-v2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-workflows-fully-disconnected-v2_{context}"]
= Mirroring an image set in a fully disconnected environment

In a fully disconnected environment, the mirror registry that the Openshift cluster can access is not reachable from the public internet. 

> Following are the steps of the workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
```

> . Mirror to disk: preparing an archive containing the image set that needs to be mirrored. This step requires internet access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Mirror to disk*: Prepare an archive containing the image set for mirroring. Internet access is required.
```

> . Manual step: the user transfers the archive to the network of the mirror registry, that is, disconnected registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Manual step*: Transfer the archive to the network of the disconnected mirror registry.
```

> . Disk to mirror: from the environment that has access to the mirror registry, execute oc-mirror plugin v2 to mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Disk to mirror*: To mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry, run oc-mirror plugin v2 from the environment that has access to the mirror registry.
```

> [id="mirror-to-disk-v2"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="mirror-to-disk-v2_{context}"]
```

== Mirroring from mirror to disk

> You can use the oc-mirror plugin version 2 to generate an image set and save the contents to disk. The generated image set can then be transferred to the disconnected environment and mirrored to the target registry.

Reviewer 2: oc-mirror v2  instead of `plugin version 2` please.

> You can use the oc-mirror plugin v2 to generate an image set and save the contents to disk. The generated image set can then be transferred to the disconnected environment and mirrored to the target registry.
> 
> oc-mirror plugin v2 pulls the container images from the source specified in the image set configuration and pack them into a tar archive on disk, that is, local directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the oc-mirror plugin v2 to generate an image set and save the content to disk. The generated image set can then be transferred to the disconnected environment and mirrored to the target registry.

oc-mirror plugin v2 retrieves the container images from the source specified in the image set configuration and packs them into a tar archive in a local directory.
```

.Procedure

. Run the oc mirror command to mirror the images from the specified image set configuration to disk:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror -c isc.yaml file://<file path> --v2 <1>
----

> <1> Add the desired file path 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Add the requirde file path. 
```

.Verification

. Navigate into the <file path> directory that was generated.
. Verify that the archive files have been generated.

.Next steps

> * Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin v2.

Author: Takes to the next section in the docs. Is it necessary to provide xref? especially in module?

> * Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin v2.

Reviewer: Put in the assembly.

> [id="disk-mirror-v2"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="disk-mirror-v2_{context}"]
```

> * Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin version 2.

Reviewer 2: plugin version 2 ? should we simply say `oc-mirror v2`  instead ?

== Mirroring from disk to mirror

. Run the oc mirror command to process the image set file on disk and mirror the contents to a target mirror registry:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror -c isc.yaml --from file://<file path> docker://<mirror registry url> --v2
----

.Verification
. Navigate into the working-dir directory that was generated under <file path>.
. Navigate into the cluster-resources directory.
. Verify that YAML files are present for the `ImageDigestMirrorSet`, `ImageTagMirrorSet` and `CatalogSource` resources.

.Next steps

> * Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin v2.

Reviewer: xref?

Author: Same answer as above.

> * Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin version 2.

Reviewer 2: same as above, should you say `oc-mirror v2` instead ?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-workflows-fully-disconnected-v2_{context}"]
= Mirroring an image set in a fully disconnected environment

In a fully disconnected environment, the mirror registry that the Openshift cluster can access is not reachable from the public internet. 

.Procedure

. *Mirror to disk*: Prepare an archive containing the image set for mirroring. Internet access is required.

. *Manual step*: Transfer the archive to the network of the disconnected mirror registry.

. *Disk to mirror*: To mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry, run oc-mirror plugin v2 from the environment that has access to the mirror registry.

[id="mirror-to-disk-v2_{context}"]
== Mirroring from mirror to disk

> You can use the oc-mirror plugin v2 to generate an image set and save the content to disk. The generated image set can then be transferred to the disconnected environment and mirrored to the target registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the oc-mirror plugin v2 to generate an image set and save the content to disk. You can then transfer the generated image set can to the disconnected environment and mirrored to the target registry.
```

oc-mirror plugin pulls the container images from the source specified in the image set configuration and pack them into a tar archive on disk, that is, local directory.

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer 2: I see we are missing commands about how to perform mirror2disk first.

> . Copy the container images from the tar archive to a container registry.

Reviewer 2: First add steps to mirror from Mirror To Disk then add the command on how to do the same.. Lineno.28 does not make sense with out actually mirroring first.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror -c isc.yaml 
file://<file path> <1>

> --v2

Reviewer 2: Command to copy the container images from the tar archive to a container registry is incorrect.

----

> <1> Add the desired file path 

Reviewer 2: Rendering is incorrect, need to check the same.

Author: Done

. Navigate to the `<file_path>` directory that was generated.
. Verify that the archive files have been generated.

.Next steps

* Configure your cluster to use the resources generated by oc-mirror plugin v2.

[id="disk-mirror-v2_{context}"]
== Mirroring from disk to mirror

> . Process the image set file on the disk and mirror the contents to a target mirror registry by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure

* Process the image set file on the disk and mirror the contents to a target mirror registry by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror -c isc.yaml --from file://<file_path> docker://<mirror_registry_url> --v2 <1>
----
<1> Specify the URL or address of the mirror registry where the images are stored and from which they need to be deleted.

.Verification

. Navigate to the `working-dir` directory that was generated at `<file_path>.

> . Navigate to the `cluster-resources` directory.

Reviewer: /s . Navigate to the `cluster-resources` directory within the `working-dir` directory that was generated at `<file_path>. 

Can we write this way?

Reviewer: Applies to all instances.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-workflows-fully-disconnected-v2_{context}"]
= Mirroring an image set in a fully disconnected environment

You can mirror image sets in a fully disconnected environment where the {product-title} cluster cannot access the public internet.

.Procedure

. *Mirror to disk*: Prepare an archive containing the image set for mirroring. Internet access is required.

. *Manual step*: Transfer the archive to the network of the disconnected mirror registry.

> . *Disk to mirror*: To mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry, run oc-mirror plugin v2 from the environment that has access to the mirror registry.

Reviewer: I am a bit sceptical about this one?. 
*Mirror to disk*: Prepare an archive containing the image set for mirroring. Internet access is required.
. *Manual step*: Transfer the archive to the network of the disconnected mirror registry.
. *Disk to mirror*: To mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry, run oc-mirror plugin v2 from the environment that has access to the mirror registry.

s/ 
. Prepare an archive containing the image set for mirroring. Internet access is required.

. Transfer the archive to the network of the disconnected mirror registry.

. To mirror the image set from the archive to the target disconnected registry, run oc-mirror plugin v2 from the environment that has access to the mirror registry.

Author: The update is fine, but we do need to mention about mirror to disk and disk to mirror here.

[id="mirror-to-disk-v2_{context}"]

> == Mirroring from mirror to disk

Reviewer 3: You can't have multiple procedures / subheadings in a procedure module. this should be broken up into separate procedure modules if needed. Look at what was done for the original oc-mirror docs - they are separate procedure modules for the different steps.
